Evaluation
In your submission, you must demonstrate what you’ve learned in this course by applying at least three (3) of the key concepts covered in the course, including:

Key Concept	Where to Demonstrate
Agent / Multi-agent system (ADK)	Code
MCP Server	Code
Antigravity	Video
Security features	Code or Video
Deployability	Video
Agent skills (e.g., Agents CLI)	Code or Video

Category 1: The Pitch - Problem, Solution, Value (30 points total)

This is where you'll be evaluated on the "why" and "what" of your project and how well you communicate your vision.

Criteria (points)	Description
Core Concept & Value
(10 points)	Your project's central idea, its relevance to the track for the submission; focused on innovation and value. The use of agents should be clear, meaningful and central to your solution.
YouTube Video Submission
(10 points)	Your video should showcase clarity, conciseness and quality of messaging. It should articulate some of the following - but only in the 5 minute limit:
- Problem Statement: Describe the problem you're trying to solve, and why you think it's an important or interesting problem to solve.
- Agents: Why agents? How can agents uniquely help solve that problem?
- Architecture: Images and a description of the overall agent architecture.
- Demo: demo of your solution, which can include images, an animation, or a video of the agent working.
- The Build: How you created it, what tools or technologies you used.
Writeup
(10 points)	How well your written submission articulates the problem you're solving, your solution, its architecture, and your project's journey.


Category 2: The Implementation - Architecture, Code (70 points total)

This is where you'll be evaluated on the "how" of your project. This includes the quality of your code, technical design, and AI integration.

Criteria (points)	Description
Technical Implementation
(50 points)	For this criteria, we will assess the quality of your solution's architecture, and your code, and the meaningful use of agents in your solution. We will also be looking at your tool use, especially clever usage of existing toolsets.
Your code should contain comments pertinent to implementation, design and behaviors.
Participants are not required to deploy their agents to a live public endpoint for judging purposes; however, if you do deploy, please provide documentation to reproduce the deployment.
🚨REMINDER: DO NOT INCLUDE ANY API KEYS OR PASSWORDS IN YOUR CODE.
Documentation
(20 points)	Your submission (when submitting via GitHub) should contain a README.md file explaining the problem, solution, architecture, instructions for setup, and relevant diagrams or images where appropriate.
